Specify return value for undefined properties in workflow contexts (#17089)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts.md

- start with `a-Z` or `_`.
- be followed by `a-Z` `0-9` `-` or `_`.

> Attempting to dereference a non-existent property will evaluate to an empty string.

Reviewer: To bring this into line with our style guide, I'm going to suggest a rephrasing too.

```suggestion
If you attempt to dereference a non-existent property, it will evaluate to an empty string.
```

> Attempting to access a non-existent property on an existing context will return an empty string.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion to align with the existing language.

```suggestion
Attempting to dereference a non-existent property will evaluate to an empty string.
```
